Today I am an older brother Today I want to play with the robot soul Perman 's copy robot 15
I'm sorry
Yes it is a copy robot but
It is sold from the robot soul there only with a sound name that say robot
This is a cat-type robot Doraemon Mon, so it is sold from the robot soul and is the same as that
It will be the flow
It is this copy robot, but it is sold about 3 years ago and declines.
Was it 3000 yen?
Well consumption tax I think that something like it was such a feeling Hey Kedomo I'm love to
The rating of amazon is low 2.5 stars or so
I thought that the written review is true as well
That Sokorahen Let's take a look at a little You know aside I
Blister is very simple and has many badges and body
It is a story that says what to put on this of maa, but it is such a thing
Will it and opened in
Let's go from the good cans batch Let's go to Batchonone like this eh
It looks like the real left / right 1/1 normally
In here, I will leave with a tick and I can press it with a pleasant feeling
In the part of the individual toon eyes this is made yearly and it is just with this in the position which you like
Simply because the batch function is not say the lower the safety pin is lucky to pony not
You may feel more Aso with this ?
In the next in such a feeling true arrange you batch and body to go batch and real size
The body is quite tiny
It's a palm size, maybe it's a copy robot in the play
About is but Kedomo's size inconspicuous that be in Do that room or not you there now
It seems like it's not so small
So Well believes a copy robot of that real size anymore When this Hanechitchi
You might think the wind GOODS say Na
But I and arranged well 1/12 etc. No, the amazing chemistry I'm just right
Because Figuarts Nobita Army or Palmer is almost the same size
Well I think it may be good to think about their base
Part of Teishin all-plastic Day only molded color I flowers also have made of red molded color
You will be able to push this in Innovation Pochipochipochi
I will not regret anything even if I do well
As it is simple to make the body for operation, it works quite well
I 'm on the horizon in a row with people and I let it go round and round
Too much bend really that's the state of the part is cat of the waist by I will say movement as that movement
There is not, but if it is a drawer type properly and eats a little, I will do something like this
Become able to twist
Say is as take also before and after the movement
I think that it is good to run that amazing cat
Well compared to recent ones I think that there is a slightly inferior part, but only this
I think movement is enough
It's this copy robot, but it's better to play along the world of floating Fujiko
Really
There is nothing like this pose, but in the corner of the room, it's nod
I'm upset with sleeping copyons in a room with a copy robot or something like that
Kedomo I can not play so only looks like things
But it 's a shame to end with it even though there are only operations now
Use this of Leia Well You know Well I I I play doing it many
now
I quite do it but has issued since Naa cute
Without a pause
I think I get in Toka poses a 3 Kere
Don't feel like Anpanman if you put on an anpanman kore that might not be made
I guess if a little like a king
When the stand bit to do with the feeling minus the heroic feeling poses Toka I chin
I'm what about is fine it cool
In that I this alone Well in my I still I also here I'd also interesting Son Arms
Ne of change
It is when you are looking at another really wish 6 interesting to after all the best to say I wear the armor
I only heard about it and played it
Right book
Let's put it on now
That's good , I'm going to make you
So here
9 seconds from putting on
It would be nice if you put it on
That Hey, it's the other enters really I Arms change perfect I air Fair
There is a place where I sleep a little, but this is really fun.
I also played with that other armor more and more
Would be pretty good in what about the arranging sound fierce of Well dragon string
To any doll that the person who writes the pose Toka Toka in that I wonder what drawing has
I have an image of that close but it's a little deformed
It looks like a little sleep so it's a testicle
I can't make it even if I want to have 4 minutes as it is
I Well robot soul of copy robot's why
Really, although it is low evaluation with amazon
I think it's great interesting figures Once you have Toka or find cheaper price
that
I think those who care about it may be okay to buy it, so we will meet again next time
Let's go by- bye